TO DO 
---------------------------------

change the scroll bar to be a custom one
have the house animate to specific part of it for each section
make sure section number changes on button click so that when you scroll back up or down it goes to the correct section
make this responsive
try to figure out how to add global styles with css modules

button disappears if mouse is in hit area while it's animating in. JEEEEZZ!!!!!!

--

Section 3

change headline, body copy to talk about the land, show stats about it

update the intro animations for headline, body, and cta's to be similar to section 1

--

Section 4

change headline, body copy to talk about the dock and boat, show stats about it

update the intro animations for headline, body, and cta's to be similar to section 1


Section 5

contact section functionality can stay as is

update the intro animations for headline, body, and cta's to be similar to section 1


update the contact me button so that it is functional

update the contact me button so that it has a hover state / animates

change the contact section so that it is functional

add in the projects section, or change it

change menu animation, make more dynamic?

change colours of blue to something else

change the way the first section animates in, make it more interesting






DONE
---------------------------------

check scroll position for the two bottom sections
- ended up removing the smooth scroll for the first two sections

change the intro animation
    - changed the type of easing for the house

change the animation of the model when the menu comes out
    - made it not slide so far over

change button
    1. change hover animation so that on hover white comes in from left, on mouseout, white goes away
    2. change size of button so it's a bit smaller
    3. have it click to section 2
    4. have the mouse follower change on hover like it does for the side menu

change the mouse follower to be themed coloured

animate in differently
    1. have a white background slide in from left to right, then the headline come in over it same-ish way
    2. do the same thing for the body copy

change copy to something about the model "you could live here!" whatever, for headline, body and button

when scrolling back to a section no animation should occur.

section 2
change headline, body copy to talk about the house, show stats about it
update the intro animations for headline, body, and cta's to be similar to section 1